# 22 July 2021
Silk Rose - Minecraft Java 1.17+ & Bedrock 1.17.10+ - WIP 5

## Info
We're excited to announce that starting with this release, we will be simultaneously releasing versions for both Java and Bedrock Minecraft.
We're using [this](https://rtm516.github.io/ConvertJavaTextureToBedrock/) online converter for this release, but in the future we will be manually doing this. There are 2 Bedrock versions, one going through the converter as normal and one with the experimental conversions toggle enabled.

Here are the download links:
Java: [Direct download](https://github.com/Love-and-Tolerance/Love-and-Tolerance/releases/download/wip-5/Love-and-Tolerance-wip5-java.zip)
Bedrock: [Direct download](https://github.com/Love-and-Tolerance/Love-and-Tolerance/releases/download/wip-5/Love-and-Tolerance-wip5-bedrock.mcpack)
Bedrock Experimental: [Direct download](https://github.com/Love-and-Tolerance/Love-and-Tolerance/releases/download/wip-5/Love-and-Tolerance-wip5-bedrock-exp.mcpack)

## Changelog:
- Added many variants (using vanilla methods) from the Optifine addon.
- Added rarity to Ponk in barrels.
- Fixed sand/red sand.
- Added turtle eggs.
- Added extra sides to crafting table from the Optifine addon.
- Various fixes to blockstate and other text formatting.
- Lots of 1.17 stuff added.

## New textures:

### Items:

- turtle egg
- candles
- copper ingot
- bundles
- amethyst shard
- powdered snow bucket
- spyglass

### Blocks:

- tinted glass
- copper ore, copper block, cut copper, and oxidized copper
- lightning rod
- tuff, calcite, and amethyst
- deepslate, deepslate bricks, deepslate tiles, polished deepslate, chiseled deepslate, and cobbled deepslate
- glow lichen
- powdered snow
- candles
- rooted dirt and hanging roots
- glow item frame
- cave vines and glow berries
- dripstone

### Mobs:

- axolotl

## Changed/Updated textures:

### Blocks:

- variants for diamond ore, coal ore, emerald ore, gold ore, iron ore, lapis ore, and redstone ore
- variants for stone, dirt, and bedrock
- variants for brown and red mushrooms
- variants for clay
- variants for cobwebs
- variants for dandelion
- fixed sand and red sand
- crafting table sides

### GUI:

- fixed health icon positioning, added frozen health bar, changed the border of the hearts to black
- fixed the 2 strange pixels in the recipe book
