# 07 June 2022
Silk Rose - Minecraft Java 1.19+ - L&T 1.1.0

This is our first release using a custom pack builder, to customize and download the pack please go [here](https://love-tolerance.com/downloads/).

If you just want the recommended options, you can download the default pack here: [direct download](https://github.com/Love-and-Tolerance/Love-and-Tolerance/releases/download/1.1.0-format.9/L-T_1.1.0-format.9-xasxxx.zip) 

## Changelog
- Added fabric addon support.
- Added lots of variants from the Optifine addon.
- Optifine addon reintegration.
- Updated to pack format 9.
- Added music disc 5 and disc 5 fragment.
- Added mangrove planks and boat.
- Added chest boats and items.
- New grass with variants.
- Added variants for flowering azalea and azalea leaves.
- Recolored short, tall grass and ferns to be less abrasive.
- Reintegrated music into the pack.
- Added songs for music disc 5 and pigstep.
- Added a music side B in its own repo, songs were voted for by the community.
- Added allay.
- Spawner flashing was reduced.
- Added chicken variants to optifine.
- Added new paintings.
- Added recover compass and echo shard.

## New textures

### Items
- disc 5 and disc 5 fragment.
- all chest boats.
- recovery compass and echo shard.

### Blocks
- 2 emerald ore variants.
- 2 deepslate emerald ore variants.
- mangrove planks.
- wheat, mycelium, farmland, fern, lily pad, soul sand, dead bush, potted fern, gravel, poppy, cobblestone, mossy cobble, end portal frame, end stone variants from optifine addon.
- red, brown, stem, and inside mushroom variants from optifine addon. 
- acacia, birch, jungle, oak, spruce, dark oak leaves variants from optifine addon.
- azalea, flowering azalea leaves variants.
- new grass with variants.

### Mobs
- allay.
- 2 new chicken variants for optifine, 1 new and 1 old.

### Gui
- Fabric creative page buttons

### Misc
- mangrove boat.
- all chest boats.
- wind, earth, fire, air paintings.
