# 08 November 2020
Silk Rose - Minecraft 1.16.2 - WIP 4

## Info and Optimizations
This will probably be the last or 2nd to last release before 1.16 is completely done. Yay!
We also looked into optimising the images used inside the pack to make them smaller. As a result of this, the resource pack is now about half the size!
[Direct download](https://github.com/Love-and-Tolerance/Love-and-Tolerance/releases/download/wip-4/Love-and-Tolerance-wip4.zip)

## Changelog:
- Lots of file cleanup and fixes.
- Shulker box textures updated.
- Added stained-glass pane top textures.
- Removed a lot of unused or vanilla files.
- Added a lot of plant based textures.
- Leather armor updated.
- Empty armor slot icons updated.
- Soul sand, soul soil, ancient debris textures added/updated.
- New Enderman textures, added texture for silverfish.
- Updated diamond item texture.
- Updated icons.png, added missing textures, new hardcore heart design, new rainbow connection status.
- Added the rest of mob effects.
- Updates and fixes to the GUI.
- Gold armor fixed. Chain mail is now crystal guard armor.
- Update credits & README.
- Added some title screen splashes.
- Lots of item and block textures added, (See below)

## New textures:

### Items:
- Sugarcane
- broken elytra
- beetroot & beetroot seeds
- crimson and warped doors
- end crystal
- iron nugget
- knowledge book
- coaco beans
- sus stew
- nether sprouts
- empty sheild icon

### Blocks:
- Soul soil
- Shulker box block
- Stained glass pane top
- Sugarcane
- cornflower, lily of the valley
- beetroot
- jigsaw block

### Mobs:
- silverfish
- wandering trader & trader llama

### Mob effects:
- bad omen
- fire resistance
- haste
- jump boost
- mining fatigue
- slow falling
- invisibility
- nausea
- poison
- strength
- water breathing
- speed
- slowness
- levitation

### GUI:
- social menu
- gamemode switcher
- smithing table

## Changed/Updated textures:

### Items:
- diamond
- empty armor slot icons

### Blocks:
- soul sand
- bell

### Mobs:
- shulker
- enderman

### GUI
- horse
- beacon

### Misc:
- changed chainmail from gummy armor to crystal guard armor
- fixed gold armor boots.
- fix chest handles
- add teeth to trapped chest
- add interior to ender chest
